Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental entity or Law?
Is it like the hand of
God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no
control, even over his own will.
It is my perception that a true
friend never relies on another's dream.
A person with the potential...
...to be my true friend must be able to
find his reason for life without my help.
And, he would have to put his heart
and soul into protecting his dream.
He would never hesitate to
fight for his dream, even against me.
For me, a true friend is...
...one who stands
equal on those terms.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
The Battle
Griffith!
Sir Griffith!
Princess Charlotte,
what has happened?
Please, take this...
This is a necklace
made from lord stone.
It is not so valuable, but it
belonged to the former queen...
It was my mother's keepsake.
Such a precious article of yours...
I cannot accept it.
Please, carry this with you.
The lord stone is made of two kinds of
stone, called the male and female stone...
And, either type of the
stone will attract the other.
It is said that persons who possess
companion stones shall not fail to be reunited.
If you would bear this
necklace formed from the male stone...
...it may be attracted to my
necklace, formed from the female stone.
And thus, you ought to
return safely from the battlefield.
Please, I would like you to take this.
No...
This is a precious
keepsake of yours, Princess.
I cannot keep this as my possession.
But...
Therefore, I will return this safely
to you as soon as I return from battle.
Honestly, never before has
the war filled me with such fear.
Sir Griffith, please...
Please, stay safe.
Knight, please come forward.
Y-Yes Ma'am...
Please guard Sir
Griffith well during this battle.
Certainly Ma'am, at the cost of my life.
Let's go.
All right...
Charlotte.
M-Mother.
What do you think
you are doing, Charlotte?
What do you mean?
Do not feign ignorance.
You gave that man of
lesser stature a present.
It is not your concern who
I choose to give my property to!
That is improper!
You are a member of the royal house.
Despite that fact, you gave a
present to that man of humble origins.
When you talk to that man, concern
yourself with what others might think.
You shall be mindful of your class.
But, Mother...
You have turned sixteen,
you are no longer a child.
Charlotte!
Look how popular we are!
We are taking on the vanguard
position, it's a big responsibility.
Hey, are you nervous?
Nope!
You seem to have lost your nerve.
You're shaking.
Shut up!
I am just excited about the whole thing!
Why is Griffith so late anyway...
March!
For me, a true friend is...
...one who stands
equal on those terms.
Oh no, why now?
What's wrong?
You look pale.
It's nothing.
Now, it's beginning!
Charge!
Damn, the battle's too confusing...
It's you...
...the Hawks' only
female company commander.
So what?
I do not like it...
...a mere woman such
as you, acting like a knight.
How can women be of use in a fight, while
being so inferior to men in terms of power?
If you think so, then come try me.
What's so funny?
I assume that you comfort your
fellow soldiers during the night...
What did you say?
So, as a result of getting into Griffith's
bed, you must have won your rank...
...as a company commander!
I would like to experience the
charm that you've used on such men.
You bastard!
A battlefield is a sanctuary for men.
What outrageous conduct would lead a
woman like you to step into our sanctuary?
I, the leader of the Blue Whale
Super Strong Heavy Assault Knights...
...Lord Adon, will
teach you a lesson for this!
He's coming!
Big sister!
Damn you!
Idiot!
Stay back!
W-What a fighter...
Caska!
Get back, Judeau!
I'll find a way to kill him!
You all are cowards,
under her thumb no doubt.
What was that?
What will you do now?
There is no ground behind you.
Hey now, look at this.
Well, I see, you rather look
pretty even though you are dressed...
...in the manner of a man.
Now, I will give you a chance.
If you will be an obedient
captive, I will not kill you here.
Being a captive means that you may
serve as a prostitute for my army, of course.
Son of a bitch...
So, you call me a son of a bitch...
Then, you will be
buried by a bastard you hate!
Big sister!
What?
This is not like you.
Guts...
Commander!
Guts!
Come on.
I just want to swing my
sword against someone...
...until I stop thinking
about everything else.
Enough with your stupid remarks!
Well done, I praise
you for blocking my strike!
However, a fluke never happens twice!
Can you defend against my special
strike that can even crush marble to pieces?
This is the spearmanship...
...that has been passed down through
the Coborlwitz family for 140 years.
The ultimate secret technique...
Ganzansenpu...
Ganzansenpu?
What the hell?
A-Amazing...
He beat that monster
with only two blows.
Nothing less from our captain.
Way to go!
What's wrong?
It's totally unlike you,
losing your edge in combat.
Get it together, or you'll get killed.
H-Hey!
Guts!
Caska!
Never again...
I'll never go in the water with my armor.
Shit.
She's got a serious fever, it looks bad.
If I make a fire, the
enemy might spot it and find us.
Dammit!
I guess there's no other way.
We did this sort of
thing once, it's no big deal!
What the hell, with that fever of
hers she still thinks she can fight?
So that's it.
It's pretty tough to be a woman...
Guts and Caska...
The cliff was quite high, but a river was
running underneath it, so they must have...
You know how Guts is,
they're probably alive, but...
I couldn't see if they
landed safely from that fall.
And the Captain was
already injured in the battle...
Caska was not quite herself as well.
We should get a search
party out there right away.
Lord Griffith, you
must understand this...
...in a battle, our utmost
concern is to conquer the enemy.
It is outrageous to use the soldiers
who have been gifted to you by the King...
...to perform a search in the midst of
battle just to ensure the safety of a mere...
...troop commander.
Besides, it is a result of them
recklessly entering into single combat.
No, that's not true...
The leader of the Hawk's Raiders and
the famous female company commander.
The two most skilled
commanders are together, aren't they?
Supposedly, they are able
to take such troubles in stride.
Indeed, I suppose they
will, if they are still alive.
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
Those who dedicate their lives to
another inevitably shed their own blood.
Those who sacrifice themselves for
hopeless love cannot help shedding tears.
Dream and hope, death and despair.
Can one find a reason for living in the
act of believing and accepting all of this?
Together
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today